So before we jump into our implementation with AWOS and Python and both are three.
Let's take a look at what I'm expecting you to have for this course and what you need beforehand like
the prerequisites for this course.
So the first thing is of course and AWOS account.
I'm hoping you can have at least a free tier AWOS account.
And again if your account is available for up to one year so you can get almost all the benefits.
AWOS What does free account so you don't have to pay anything to a WS and you can play around with the
things like RLDS by Nemo D-B Lamda and most of the stuff on A W-S.
It's a great benefit and I hope you already have an account and if you don't I'm going to be showing
you how to do that in the upcoming lectures.
Don't worry about it.
And then of course I'm hoping that you have some basic knowledge of what our ideas and Dynamo are the
AWOS services are.
So I'm hoping you have at least some working knowledge of our ideas and Dynamo divi And if you have
that is awesome.
Also since we're going to be working with Python I'm hoping you have some basic knowledge of python
and this means things like how to find your way around in an ID or how to define a variable how to import
stuff to your class and things like that.
So this is like the basic stuff very basic stuff on Python and I'm hoping you have this information.
And also if your experience with Python then that's just great.
Also since we're going to be working with Python I'm going to need a python ID so that you can have
it in your computer and you're installed already.
Or if you don't already you can check out my charm ID from Jepp brains which is the like most preferred
ID for Python and also has a free community edition.
And if you're a student upbraids is giving away licenses for edu account emails for students.
So if you're a student again you definitely have to check this out and get this offer says this offer.
Covering all the Jeopardy's product not just pie charm ID.
So without further ado let's just jump into our implementation and starting from preparing our environments
so I'll see you on the next section.